feat(serverless): add PHP documentation (#1112)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/functions/how-to/package-function-in-zip.mdx

---- <your-dependencies>
```

## How to configure your package using PHP 

### Handler

The Handler name is a path to the handler file, suffixed with the function name to use as a handler. In the following example, we use the handler file `handler.php`.

  ```
├── composer.json -> optional
└── handler.php -> handler function defined here
  ```

* Make sure to provide the right handler name, in the previous folder tree : `handler.handle`

> * `the composer.json` files enable you to define dependencies that will be installed when deploying your functions, for more information you can check composer [official documentation](https://getcomposer.org/doc/04-schema.md#package-links)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `composer.json` file enable you to define dependencies that will be installed when deploying your functions, for more information, you can check the [official documentation](https://getcomposer.org/doc/04-schema.md#package-links) of composer
```
